i am
admiral karen and adam as to the 41
other shuttles that have gone ahead to
new earth well
i hope it's the paradise they said it
would be
reactor at full power
hyperspeed commands
quantum release time dilation so 30
years passed on earth everybody on earth
is dead
you see anyone acting strange you tell
me
37 freaks what happened to him put your
weapon down and surrender his spleen his
heart his nervous system is blood
basically been eaten down to nothing
except it's not even carbon-based
it's not human what is it i don't know
if it's out there
we kill it arrival to new earth t
84 days all right that's fun
we are here to hunt we are here to kill
we are here to survive
i can't tell you how to kill it if i
don't know what it is
bullets one more fire
[Music]
can't be killed there are three hundred
thousand souls on this ship
another thing a lot more than aliens to
kill me
all right who wants barbecue
you